go badgers in just 18 days on October
22nd Wisconsin gets to start voting
early so you can register and vote at
your early vote location and if you need
to find out where it is go to vote dot
Barack Obama comm find out where when
how to vote now some of you may have
heard last night we had our first debate
yeah I just flew in from Denver and I
was telling folks there when I got on
the stage I met this very spirited
fellow who claimed to be Mitt Romney but
I know it couldn't have been Mitt Romney
because the real Mitt Romney's been
running around the country for the last
year promising five trillion dollars in
tax cuts that favor the wealthy and yet
the fellow on the stage last night who
looked like Mitt Romney said he did not
know anything about that it was it was
all news to him the real Mitt Romney
said that we don't need any more
teachers in the classroom
don't boo vote the fellow on stage last
night he said he loves teachers can't
get enough of the Mitt Romney we all
know invested in companies that were
called pioneers of outsourcing jobs to
other countries but the guy on stage
last night
he said he'd never heard of tax breaks
for companies that ship jobs overseas
never heard of him and he said if that's
true he must need a new accountant so
now we know for sure that wasn't the
real Mitt Romney because the real Mitt
Romney is doing just fine with the
accountant that he already has Governor
Romney may dance around his positions he
may do a tap dance and a two-step but if
you want to be President
then you owe the American people the
truth
so here's the truth
Governor Romney cannot pay for his five
trillion dollar tax plan without blowing
up the deficit or sticking it to the
middle class we can't afford to go down
that road again we can't afford another
round of budget busting tax cuts for the
wealthy we can't afford to gut our
investments in education or clean energy
or research or technology we can't
afford to roll back regulations on Wall
Street banks or oil companies or
insurance companies we can't afford to
double down on the same top-down
economic policies that got us into this
mess
that is not a jobs plan it's not a plan
for our economy it's not a plan to
strengthen the middle class
it is not change it is a relapse and
we're not going to do it we have been
there we have tried that we are not
going back we're moving forward I've
always said change doesn't happen in one
year or one term or even one president
doesn't happen with one political party
change happens because everybody gets
involved and says it's going to happen
it's it certainly can't happen if you're
someone who who wants to lead the nation
but writes off half the nation before
you even take office I'm not fighting on
behalf of values that are rich or poor
business or work Iran I'm fighting for
those American values of hard work and
looking out for one another and they
belong to all of us and if we rally
around those values if we have a genuine
sense of patriotism about how we build
an economy where everybody is getting a
fair shot then we're going to strengthen
the middle class and we're going to keep
moving forward and I believe that our
politics is not as divided as it seems
sometimes I still believe in the
American people they are what gives me
strength every single day they are
what gets me up in the morning and there
what I'm thinking about when I go to bed
at night I believe in you I'm asking you
to keep believing in me I'm asking for
your vote and if you stand with me and
work with me
we will win Madison again will win
Wisconsin again we'll finish what we
started in 2008 and remind the world why
the United States of America is the
greatest nation on earth
god bless your medicine god bless you
Wisconsin god bless the United States of
America
you